cdc:modify descriptions related to Unified Sorter and data_dir (#6834) (#6925)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/deploy-ticdc.md

- `cert`: The path of the certificate file used by TiCDC, in the PEM format (optional).
- `key`: The path of the certificate key file used by TiCDC, in the PEM format (optional).
- `config`: The address of the configuration file that TiCDC uses (optional). This option is supported since TiCDC v4.0.13. This option can be used in the TiCDC deployment since TiUP v1.4.0.

> - `data-dir`: Specifies the directory that TiCDC uses when it needs to use disk to store files. Unified Sorter uses this directory to store temporary files. Make sure there is enough space available on the device where this directory is located. If you are using TiUP, you can configure `data_dir` in the `cdc_servers` section, or directly use the default `data_dir` path in `global`. **This option is supported since TiDB v4.0.13.**
> - `sort-dir`: Specifies the temporary file directory used by the sorting engine. **This option is not supported since TiDB v4.0.13. Do not use it any more**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data-dir`: Specifies the directory that TiCDC uses when it needs to use disk to store files. Unified Sorter uses this directory to store temporary files. Make sure there is enough space available on the device where this directory is located. If you are using TiUP, you can configure `data_dir` in the `cdc_servers` section, or directly use the default `data_dir` path in `global`. **This option is supported since TiDB v4.0.14, v5.0.3. and later versions**
- `sort-dir`: Specifies the temporary file directory used by the sorting engine. **This option is not supported since TiDB v4.0.14. Do not use it any more**.
```
